<h1 class="text-center">Privacy Policy</h1> <p><strong>Effective Date: 26-08-2022</strong></p> <h3>Your privacy is important to us</h3> <p>We value your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information you share with us while using our website. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our website (referred to as "Us", "We", or "Our"). It outlines what information we may collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it to third parties. This policy applies solely to information we collect through the website and not from other sources.</p> <p>This Privacy Policy, along with our website's Terms of Service, governs your use of our services. Additional terms may apply based on your activities while visiting the website.</p> <h2 id="tableofcontents">Contents</h2> <p>Click below to jump to any section of this privacy policy:</p> <ol type="1"> <ul> <li><a href="#PersonalData"><strong>Personal Data</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#UOYPD"><strong>Use of Your Personal Data</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#ROYPD"><strong>Retention of Your Personal Data</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#Security"><strong>Security of Your Personal Data</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#ExternalLinks"><strong>Links to External Sites</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#CP"><strong>Children's Privacy</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#CTTPP"><strong>Changes to this Privacy Policy</strong></a></li> <li><a href="#ContactUs"><strong>Contact Us</strong></a></li> </ul> </ol> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="PersonalData">Personal Data</h2> <p>When using our services, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. The type of personal information we collect will depend on how you interact with us. This may include but is not limited to:</p> <ul> <li>Public Account Information</li> </ul> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="UOYPD">Use of Your Personal Data</h2> <p>We may use your personal data for the following purposes:</p> <ol> <li>To provide and maintain our service, and monitor its usage.</li> <li>To contact you, including for security updates and necessary communications.</li> <li>To manage your requests and assist with any inquiries.</li> <li>For the performance of a contract, such as for the purchase or use of our services.</li> <li>To manage your account and provide you with access to service features.</li> <li>To send you news, special offers, and information about similar goods and services, unless you opt out.</li> <li>For other purposes like data analysis, evaluating trends, and improving our service.</li> </ol> <p>We may share your personal data in the following situations:</p> <ol> <li>With other users, when you share personal information or interact publicly.</li> <li>With your consent, for other purposes.</li> </ol> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="ROYPD">Retention of Your Personal Data</h2> <p>We will retain your personal data only as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy. We may retain and use your personal data to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. Usage data may also be retained for analysis purposes, typically for shorter periods unless required by law or used to improve security or functionality.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="Security">Security of Your Personal Data</h2> <p>We strive to protect your personal data using commercially acceptable security measures, but please be aware that no method of transmission or storage is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee absolute security, though we take steps to safeguard your information.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="ExternalLinks">Links to External Sites</h2> <p>Our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of service of any third-party site you visit. We do not have control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="CP">Children's Privacy</h2> <p>Our service does not target anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected such data, please contact us. If we learn that we've collected personal data from a child without parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="CTTPP">Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2> <p>We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by a revised date and will be effective immediately upon posting. We may notify you of significant changes either by posting a notice on our site or contacting you directly. Please review this privacy policy regularly to stay informed about how we protect your information.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p> <h2 id="ContactUs">Contact Us</h2> <p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by visiting our contact page.</p> <p><a href="#tableofcontents">Back to table of contents</a></p>
